Saw a good quote recently that I thought was particularly applicable to today's world. Enjoyed it, so wanted to note it down somewhere. 

> Everything is a conspiracy when you don't understand how anything works

Totally aside, and more work-related. A colleague shared this piece [How to Lead Your Team when the House is on Fire](https://peterszasz.com/how-to-lead-your-team-when-the-house-is-on-fire/). 

I've gotten started reading it, but not completed it. I've enjoyed what I've read so far, especially  what it highlighted as being the responsibilities of an engineering manager: 

1. Ensuring delivery that's aligned with company goals;
1. Building and sustaining a high-performing engineering team;
1. Supporting the success and personal growth of the individuals on the team.

The advice around delivery was useful:

* ruthless prioritisation. Narrow down and laser-focus on the goals that are critical to survival/success, say no to any excess (or 'not now')
* empower speed - remove barriers, provide decisions fast and authoritatively, allow more autonomy than usual. Provide forgiveness when the team ask for it, having skipped asking for permission
* maintain high-level context for the team, to ensure they have the information they need to make good decisions
* protect their focus - firefight, trim meetings, minimise admin
* get in the trenches (small changes, reviews, pairing, incidents)
* keep a document of the inevitable tech debt that accumulates so that you can pay it back at the appropriate spots

For the rest - I'll need to return once I've read it. 
